hi dad
hey kiddo
oh my gosh do you look beautiful you
live how's your mom's hip
good thanks good he thinks you're my
girlfriend race
been busy yeah dean's traveling with
clients all the time and
i'm just the buzzkill waiting to
schedule things
i'm so stuck so dean's going away a lot
huh
on business trips dad raise your hand
if that sounds fishy he's not like you
he's a good guy a great dad sure it's
nature
males are forced to fight to dominate
and to impregnate all females
maybe he's just not interested in me
anymore impossible a woman's at her most
beautiful between the ages of 35 and 39.
so i have many months left
felix you're back in town been busy yeah
got a lot going on do you he should be
worshiping the ground you walk on and if
he's doing something dishonorable you
need to know
what if he's just busy i'm in a rut
that's
it i think we should follow him what i
think you better see him in action
this is your idea of incognito
here's the plaza this is the place to
have an affair has the most exits
exits on three streams
can you just act a little less excited
about this because this is my life
it might be falling apart i don't know
why women get plastic surgery
because of men like you i prefer the
factory original
yeah and every other make and model
thank you i'm gonna take that as a
compliment are there two
oh scared me
you